why howdy there I don't know people
let's begin so somebody took a need here
in a city council meeting during the
Pledge of Allegiance and it's funny
because nobody knows how to react you
know normally we'd hear the standard
lines oh he's just some NFL baby crying
just some black thug that doesn't like
the cops yeah it's hard to say that
about a white ten-year-old Cub Scout I'm
loving it I'm loving watching people try
to try to fit their normal responses
into this I'll tell you some of the
things I've already seen the first one
is that there's a better time for him to
exercise his First Amendment rights and
they're real polite about it you know
can't imagine what the difference is no
there's not really a better time to be
honest you know you guys have done
everything you can
there's a segment of this country that's
done everything it can to blend racism
and nationalism but those two things
together to hide your racism and the
American flag when you do that you can't
be surprised when young people start to
associate the American flag with racism
which wanted problem is that they reject
the racism which means they're going to
reject that flag along with it they're
going to erupt your nationalist
ceremonies to prove their point and it
is the perfect time to do it
everything I've already seen is well
he's only ten he doesn't know any better
now he gave an interview and he said
that he didn't like discrimination which
he defined is being mean to a person of
another color it is not the perfect
intersectional definition of
discrimination that I'm sure we would
all like but at ten years old oh I'll
take it and yeah now he understands
is completely his moral compasses intact
it may not be knowing right and wrong
that's not something that has to come
with age not caring about right wrong is
something that comes with age
no his age is pretty much irrelevant to
this this is only happening because the
Cub Scouts have gone soft Cub Scouts are
there the scouting in general is there
to teach independence self-reliance free
thought independent fall being able to
do things on your own being prepared for
the the difficult decisions you're gonna
have to make as you get older it's what
it is one kid in that pack one kid took
me know the Scouts functioning just fine
because that is an independent ball that
is self-reliance and that is being
prepared for the decisions he's gonna
have to make the scouts do it yes fine
well the scouting motto says God and
country it does it most certainly does
it says God and country not God
nationalism patriotism is correct in
your country when it's wrong it's not
blind obedience that's nationalism
that kid has it down he's got it
he is embodying the scouts and he's
embodying patriotism at 10 and then I've
already seen people say if you're not a
scout you don't have any business
talking about this well guess what I was
a scout
my eldest was a scout I'm sure my
youngest boys will be Scouts Liam
son you did your good deed for the week
it's fantastic I personally want to
thank you because you you reassured me
of something that I believed there are
people in this country they want to hang
on to this they want to build this
racist mind you met down on the border
they can and they can milk it for all
it's worth for about the next eight
years and then y'all are gonna be in
yeah this country can build that
monument and these kids are gonna tear
it down
anyway it's just about live good night